In the last 16 months, I've helped over
35 B2B SAS and service companies rank
number one on Google for revenue driving
keywords, and many of which have drove
qualified inbound leads within 90 days
of publishing content. But the truth is,
many B2B companies still don't think SEO
is a worthwhile channel to drive organic
traffic, visibility, mind share, inbound
leads, and demos. In this video, I'll
share the exact strategy so your B2B SAS
or service company can make organic
search a predictable channel to drive
qualified traffic, build mind share in
your category, and most importantly,
drive signups, leads, or demos on a
consistent basis. Let's jump in. So,
sadly, most B2B companies get SEO
completely wrong. They fall into
something I call the traffic trap, where
they're going for traffic at all costs.
They look at really high search volume
keywords and queries. So it could be
things like what is a CRM, how to build
a website, what is a KPI, these kind of
lightformationalbased
searches that might drive a ton of
traffic, but are super unlikely to
result in inbound leads or demos or
sales calls for your business. And let's
face it, SEO shouldn't be measured on
traffic alone, especially in the era
we're in now with AI search, more and
more zeroclick content. As LLMs like
Chat GPT, Google AI overviews, Google AI
mode become more and more prevalent,
there's less and less clicks and visits
coming through to your website. So, high
sales intent. SEO is more and more
important than ever. What do I mean by
that? Well, I mean, if we're going to do
an SEO campaign, rather than focus on
traffic at all costs, we want to focus
on driving qualified sales pipeline,
leads, demos, signups, what's actually
going to bring revenue to our business.
And this is why we should focus on money
keywords. A money keyword is basically a
commercial intent keyword. It's
something that your dream prospects are
going to be hunting for on Google when
they're in market. You've probably heard
of the 955 rule. at any given time. 5%
of your total addressable market are
going to be in market for your service,
software or solution. Now, we want to
focus on the 5% that are actively in
market looking for your software,
service or product right now so we can
start capturing those prospects and
driving qualified leads and pipeline
through our websites on Google. And
oftent times these high sales intent
money keywords will have less traffic,
less monthly searches, but that
shouldn't put you off as they're much
more likely to result in inbound leads.
So as a quick snapshot to work out what
your money keywords actually are, I
usually recommend making a list. And
quite often I'll recommend involving the
sales or customer success team from your
company or if you're the founder running
all the sales calls yourself, you'll
probably know all this data to start
building out your money keywords. So
usually I say make a list of your main
offerings. So in our case that might be
B2B SAS SEO, SAS SEO, B2B SEO etc. The
second list would be what are all the
niches that we serve best. So in our
case that could be SAS companies, could
be fintech companies, could be IT
companies, could be health tech
companies, etc. What are all those
niches or industries that if you look
back through your CRM that you've
historically sold well to? They have the
problem that you solve. They're
motivated to fix it and they have cash
to easily invest in your offer. So, make
a list of all the main offers you want
to sell, all the main industries you
serve best. Make a list of the main
competitors that often come up in sales
calls to almost an annoying level.
There's probably three, four, five
competitors that always get brought up
on sales calls. Make a list of those as
well. And the last list is your dream
client's jobs to be done, their
struggling moments, or how they try and
get stuff done in house. So this could
be detailed how to problembased queries.
So in our case that could be how to rank
my B2B SAS company on LLMs. Why isn't my
B2B SAS company driving pipeline through
Google search? Kind of really detailed
queries if you can leverage insights
from sales calls. So, for example, if
you sold proposal software, how to craft
sales proposals or sales quotes that
convert or if we're talking about a
struggling moment, how to build sales
proposals that close within Google Docs.
this kind of stuff where you're
leveraging the actual insights you hear
on sales calls. You're understanding
their problem and then eventually you'll
build out an article that addresses all
these problems headon, talks about the
issue with doing the current way and
then positions your product, solution or
service as a new better way to get the
job done. And then once you've got this
detailed list of your main offer, your
main industries, the main competitors,
and the main jobs to be done or problems
that you solve, then you can start
making longtail commercial intent, high
sales intent, money keywords. You can
put them together. So in our case, it
could be B2B SAS SEO company. It could
be B2B SAS SEO agency. It could be best
SEO agency for fintech companies. Best
SEO agency for health tech companies,
best SEO agency for SAS companies, etc.
You get the idea. And what you'll find
is if you run these keywords through
tools like HFS or Semrush, they might
have lower traffic than a generic what
is a KPI how to build a website, but
much higher sales intent. Someone's not
searching this query for fun. They're
searching it because they're actively in
market looking to evaluate vendors. And
if your website and your content hits
the mark, then they'll probably request
to book a call or book a demo. And to
quickly talk about competitor money
keywords, this works especially well for
B2B SAS and software companies as
typically prospects will evaluate three
or four vendors before making a decision
and pulling the trigger. So if you for
example provide a calendar scheduling
software and you worked for Calendarly
as their marketing team, you might try
and rank for things like Chili Piper
alternatives or HubSpot meeting
alternatives or revenue hero
alternatives. Or you might rank for
terms like Revenue Hero versus Chili
Piper or HubSpot Meetings versus
Calendarly, where you talk about each
competitor, what they do well, where
they lack, where you shine out above
some of these competitors, and then
offer folks to see some social proof,
some case studies, some reviews, and
then drive them to book a sign up, book
a demo. This works especially well if
folks are annoyed with their current
competitor or if they're evaluating
options in your space. So, a few other
terms could be like competitive pricing,
compared to reviews, compared to one
versus compared to two. These work super
well to capture demand for folks
comparing options. As a quick example of
this in action, we recently ranked our
client events, a B2B SAS events
management platform, organic position
one for Bisbo alternatives. So, Bisbo is
a competitor that often comes up against
them. So if folks are comparing their
options, looking for alternative
solutions, maybe they're frustrated with
Bisbo or maybe Bisbo is one on their
short list. They can see Events organic
number one and then we've ranked a long
form article where we review the best
Bisbo competitors. We have a quick intro
and then we position Events organic
number one on this long form article. We
have nice productled focus. We've got a
nice screenshot of their dashboard. We
talk about features, problems they
solve, why folks choose them, pricing,
pros and cons, make it nice and easy for
folks to grab a demo. Before I jump into
step two, if you want us to implement
this system for your B2B company, grab a
call with me over at breaking B2B.com.
We can discuss exactly where you're at,
where you'd like to get to, I can share
results we've got for similar businesses
as quick as 90 days. So head over to
breaking.com or hit the link in the
description below. Right, back to the
video. Okay, so once you've identified
your money keywords, you need to do
something called assessing the intent.
So in simple terms, all you got to do is
type out one of your money keywords into
a Google organic search. In this case,
I've typed in top pentesting companies
and we've ranked our client software
secured organic position one. And what
you want to do on this exercise is
basically assess what type of page does
Google expect to rank. So, it's going to
be easier if we're crafting a new page
for it to rank successfully. So, does
Google favor landing pages? Is it mostly
comparison pages? Is it mostly product
listicles? Is it something else? So, in
this case, for top pen testing
companies, it's mainly listicles. So,
product listicical like we reviewed the
top 10, the top 20 pentesting companies
in 2025. In fact, nearly everything here
is listicle product listical based
pages. So, what we recommend is once you
know the type of page you're going to
build out, if it's a product list,
comparison, landing page, blog article,
how-to article, whatever, the intent we
can see that Google tends to favor is
review the top three organic pages, look
at how they're structured. So, usually
these top 10 listicles, they tend to
have a quick intro and then they'll have
a list. And usually folks will put their
company as number one in the list and
then do a comparison of the other
companies below. Now, a lot of mistakes
are made with these kind of pages, like
companies talk about how great they are
and then slate their competitors or talk
bad about their competitors. I encourage
you to lead with customer insights to
talk about things like problems you
solve, others don't, where you fall
short, where your Excel, weave in s
social proof like customer quotes,
testimonials, plenty of product images,
examples of your product in action,
gifts, YouTube video embeds that are
relevant, and then making it easy for
folks to take the next step, whether
that's a free sign up, a get a demo
book, a call, whatever is relevant. And
yeah, this is one that we've managed to
help Software Secured become organic
position one in for one of their money
keywords. So folks, if a potential
client of theirs has high sales intent,
is looking for top penetration testing
companies, top pen testing companies,
they can see them ranking well. And in
terms of a a quick rundown of kind of
the structure, usually you want to have
your H1 heading, one tag, only one
heading one tag per page, and that's got
to have your main keyword, your money
keyword in it, and then usually your
money keyword within the URL. So, your
domain.com/money
keyword, any spaces separated by a
hyphen dash. And then in terms of the
actual structure of the page itself, I
recommend following a blowout the water
strategy. So, make sure you one up your
competitors in every single way
possible. So, if it was a top 10
comparison listical, then maybe you go
for top 20, top 25, just to make sure
that you don't have to go back in a few
months and update the article. Also,
making sure you actually leveraging
customer insights on this page. So, I'm
a big fan of ranking and resonating with
dream clients if you want to actually
convert. No matter if it's a landing
page, if it's an article, if it's a
product listical, if it's an alternative
page, a comparison page, if you're in
B2B, chances are you're selling
something that needs some consideration.
There's probably multiple execs and
folks involved in the decision process.
So, if your content doesn't resonate,
then it's not going to convert. So,
leveraging customer insights. If you can
run seven to 10 interviews of recently
won customers who are not biased to your
product, maybe weave in some recently
churned clients as well. So you can
understand things like the main problem
that they had before they chose you.
When it got so frustrating that they
realized they needed to review
solutions, what it was stopping them
from getting done, why they chose to
evaluate you, other companies they're
evaluating, any concerns or things that
were maybe holding them back from almost
not picking you, why they decided to
eventually choose you to work with them,
the value you brought to the table, what
they hate most about your industry.
Collecting all these insights from 7 to
10 customer interviews, looking for
patterns in the responses. So you can
start leveraging those insights, those
learnings using the actual language your
dream clients use on these research
calls, on sales calls, on prospecting
calls. So you can weave that in to your
articles, landing pages, website content
in general. So your copy, your content,
your messaging in general really
resonates with dream clients problems,
frustrations, their goals, their jobs to
be done, and their motivators. So not
only you creating content to rank on
Google, but it's going to resonate and
be more likely to convert those
prospects. And a few other things to
mention on the technical side. So make
sure your money keywords within your
metatitle, metad description, within the
URL, within that single H1 and then
weave naturally within the body copy. We
recommend kind of up to five internal
links, three to five internal links to
relevant pages and likewise other
relevant pages linking back to you on
that side of things. And otherwise, make
sure that the website page speed loads
nice and fast on mobile, tablet, and PC.
And like I say, make sure your pages act
as sales pages. So productled, weaving
in examples of your product,
screenshots, gifts, relevant YouTube
videos, plenty of social proof, customer
quotes, customer testimonial videos,
case studies, and more. And make it easy
for folks to take a relevant next step.
Whether that's downloading a guide, an
email sign up, whether that's getting a
free trial, a demo, or booking a call.
And as one last example, if you search
SAS SEO Agency, we tend to rank organic
position one right now in the US at
least. And we've also got the Google AI
overviews. So above the fold, we've got
a nice thumbnail of our site. So you can
easily click through to that SAS SEO
agency page and you'll see we've got the
money keyword in the metatitle and
description. Got it within our single
H1. We've got a embedded YouTube video
which can also get us extra
clickthroughs in the search engine
result page and also helps a bit with
LLM. Sometimes YouTube videos get pulled
through and we've got a nice long form
landing page where we talk about
problems we solve, how we solve them.
We've got a problem, agitation, solution
framework. Weaving in plenty of social
proof, client case study videos. We talk
about our process. We've got more
examples, case studies, results we've
brought, exactly how we work, bit about
our team, and then more social proof at
the end. And then FAQs right at the
bottom of the page answering those
common questions like how long does it
take to get results? What makes us
different? Why should I trust you?
What's your process? All those real
tough questions answered head-on in the
FAQ section. and then a clear call to
action at the bottom of that long form
landing page. Now, one of the secrets
when it comes to ranking your B2B SAS,
tech, or service company faster than
giants in your industry is publishing at
speed. So many mid-market, enterprise,
large companies. They're doing well
already in SEO, but they're so slow when
it comes to actually publishing content.
So your advantage as a smaller business
that's leaner, that's agile, maybe
you're a startup, maybe you can just get
stuff done faster is exactly that,
speed. So if you can identify your money
keywords, work out the type of intent,
the type of page you need to build to
rank, and have a mindset of publishing
at speed, whether that's one a week, two
a week, or whatever's realistic for your
team, contractor, or agency, you can
start getting stuff out the door faster.
Whereas these large scale companies
might take months to identify keywords,
get them signed off by multiple execs up
the chain. Likewise, then eventually
writing the content, then passing it
through to design, then passing it
through to development, then getting
legal to check it off. It might be 6
months sometimes or more until they get
a page published. Meanwhile, you could
have published a money keyword page a
week or faster and start chipping away
at those slowmoving giant competitors,
especially if you've gone after those
niche longtail money keywords they might
even be neglecting. And you can start
really doing some damage and organic
search, starting to show up for money
keywords both on Google and the LLMs and
start driving high sales intent pipeline
through SEO. And last off, link
building. So you can get quite far with
content alone following the whole
process I've outlined so far. But when
it comes to super competitive keywords,
so in our case, one of those really
competitive money keywords might be SAS
SEO agency, which took us some time,
some content work, and some backlinking
work to earn that organic number one
spot. In your case, let's pretend you
provided calendar scheduling software.
Trying to rank for things like calendar
scheduling tools, calendar scheduling
software, content will only get you so
far. You're going to need a solid domain
reputation authority and backlinks is
going to help you rank some of those
super competitive pages. So, a couple
quick ways to earn back links for free.
One of my favorites is podcasting. It's
a big fan of a website called Listen
Notes. What you can do is you can type
in your niche or the industry you serve.
In my case, I might type in B2B
marketing or SAS marketing cuz that's
the type of niche I go after. I'll look
for the top podcasts in that niche. I
can filter it to top 10%, top 5%, top
2.5% shows. I can reach out to the host
of the show either on LinkedIn or email,
whatever channel they're on. Send them a
painfully short note like, "Hey, Steve,"
or "Hey, Jess, had a really weird idea
for your show. Are you against a
conversation?" Something like that that
piqus their interest, makes them think,
"What is this guy on about?" So, they
respond to me. I'll shoot them a quickly
video, probably with their website in
the background, and say, "Look, enjoyed
your recent episode on this. Had a
couple of weird ideas for your podcast
that could be valuable for your
audience. Walk them through quickly and
then see if they'd be open to me having
a guest. Do the podcast. do a really
insightful interview that's helpful and
useful to their audience. And then when
they publish the article for the podcast
episode, ask for a backlink to one of my
money keywords and pages with a do
follow link. Also ask for them to do a
brand mention. So in our case, they
might put something like breaking B2B as
a SAS SEO agency or breaking B2B as a
B2B SAS SEO agency. And that gives us a
little boost in the LLMs like chat GBT
and similar as brand mentions uh seem to
do some real good damage when it comes
to showing up on the LLMs especially if
you can get cited in multiple product
listicles like top X software or top X
service companies. If you can get cited
in a lot of those and build a lot of
your own internal product listicles on
your own website seems to give a nice
little boost. And the second way is
super super low lift. So if you've got
anyone on your team, whether that's an
exec, marketing leader, revenue leader,
or the founder or founders that have
done any past press, guest posts,
podcasts, PR, whatever it may be, copy
and paste their URL of their LinkedIn
profile. So grab their LinkedIn profile
URL, cut and paste it into HFS or
Semrush, filter it to back links, then
you can filter it by domain reputation
to see the ones with the strongest
domain reputation. Look for the sites
that are niche relevant. And then you
can look at all the articles, press
releases or similar that have linked to
your founders, execs profile on
LinkedIn, but they probably haven't
linked to your website page. So you can
reach out to all the authors or
publishers of these posts. Find them on
LinkedIn or email, whatever channel
they're active on. Drop them a really
short message like, "Thanks again for
having my founder, this exec on this
article." Had a quick ask. I wondered if
you'd be against tweaking this link to
this keyword in this page. And also ask
for the brand mention. So you could say,
could you say instead of this here's
their LinkedIn profile, could you say
breaking B2B or a SAS SEO agency or your
company as a category software provider,
whatever makes sense, and link to this
money keyword with a do follow link to
this page. Most folks would be
absolutely fine cuz they've already done
the article. Maybe you have to offer
them something in return, like something
really low lift, like maybe you offer
them a backlink for your site or invite
them to your podcast, but most folks
will be more than happy to do this
because it's such a small tweak to the
article. You'll probably be able to find
a smudge of solid high domain rating
sites that are in your niche or relevant
to your industry and earn some real low
lifts, earn some real low lift back
links and some brand mentions which can
give you a nice little boost generally
on some of those money keyword pages
both Google organic search and the LLMs.
This is something we've done oursel at
breaking B2B to rank for money terms
like SAS SEO agency, B2B SAS SEO agency
and otherwise and a whole bunch of B2B
tech SAS and service clients. If you
head to our SEO results page, you'll see
dozens of video interview case studies
with VPs of marketing, marketing
leaders, chief marketing officers,
founders of B2B tech, SAS, and service
companies. They'll share why they chose
to work with Breaking B2B, the full
process, the ups, the downs, why they'd
recommend us, and of course, the results
driven through their full SEO programs.
So that's breaking b2b.com, and hit the
results tab. And there you have it.
Those are the steps that we follow to
help B2B SAS tech and service companies
rank organic position one on Google and
most importantly drive a steady flow of
pipeline and revenue. But as you
probably got this is quite a high level
and there's a lot more depth that goes
into both ranking organically on Google
as well as now AI search and the LLMs.
So if you perhaps lack the resources
internally and want to start driving
qualified pipeline and revenues through
SEO, why not book a call with us over at
breakingb2b.com.
We can chat through where you're at,
where you'd like to get to, see if we're
a good match to start driving results
through SEO. That's breaking.com or hit
the link in the description below. Or if
you're not ready, you can grab our 90
days to revenue B2B SEO playbook. Head
over to breakingb2b.com and hit that
newsletter tab and you can unlock it
instantly. Or try out the breaking B2B
podcast for tons of SEO tips, advice,
case studies, breakdowns, and interviews
with SAS and B2B marketing leaders. And
with that, I shall catch you on the next
one. Ch.